Fix file-name issue in Kafka Connect Build (#5121)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

* The field `whitelist` in the `KafkaMirrorMaker` resource is deprecated and will be removed in the future.
  It is replaced with a new field `include`.
* `bind-utils` removed from containers to improve security posture.

> * From Strimzi 0.24 on, Kafka Connect Build is using hashes instead of the last segment of the download URL to name the downloaded files.
>   In case you need to have your artifact to use some specific name, you can use the new `type: other` artifact and its `fileName` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kafka Connect Build now uses hashes to name downloaded artifact files. Previously, it was using the last segment of the download URL.
  If your artifact requires a specific name, you can use the new `type: other` artifact and its `fileName` field.
```
